| Key          | Value                                                                                |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 19-03-2024                                                                           |
| Time:        | 13:45                                                                                |
| Location:    | Flux Hall B                                                                          |
| Chair        | Lotte Trijbels                                                                       |
| Minute Taker | Vuk Pejić                                                                            |
| Attendees:   | Tijn Friederich, Vuk Pejić, Lotte Trijbels, Yanran Zhao, Maks Kuźnia, Behdad Etezadi |
Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check-in:
    - How is everyone doing? (1 min)
    - Recap what we did during the last 2 weeks (3 min)
    - Did everyone manage to complete their project contributions? (2 min)
- Inform TA of weekly progress/show what we have up until now (2 min)
- Tell TA when we can't do the presentation (1 min)
- QUESTIONS FOR THE TA: (2 min)
  - How are we doing? What do you recommend we do going forward?
  - Can we have a button that takes us to a participant scene?
- Announcements by the TA (3 min)

- Talking points:
    - Planning and gitLab usage (5 min)
    - What features should be implemented this week? focus on finishing up the basic features(12 min)
    - How are we going to implement these features(6 min)
    - How do we divide the tasks(3 min)

- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min)
- Feedback/Question round: What went well and what can be improved next time? Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)
- Closure (1 min)