| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 27-02-2024 |
| Time: | 13:45 |
| Location: | Flux Hall B |
| Chair | Vuk Pejić |
| Minute Taker | Behdad Etezadi |
| Attendees: |Tijn Friederich, Vuk Pejić, Lotte Trijbels, Yanran Zhao, Maks Kuźnia, Behdad Etezadi|
Agenda Items:
- Chair opens meeting on time. (1 min)
- Check-in:    
   - How is everyone doing? (1 min)
   - How did everyone manage with last week's project contributions? (1 min)
   - Is anyone still struggling with GitLab? (1 min)

- Meeting notes were updated and added to repository for reference (1 min).

- TA weekly anouncement and Q&A (5 min)
- Inform TA of weekly progress (2 min)

- Talking points:
    - Code of Conduct Finalization (5 min)
    - What checkstyle rules should everyone follow to keep the project understandable (9 min)
    - What features should be implemented this week? (14 min)
    - How to maximize efficiency of handling merge requests? (3 min)

- Feedback: What should we improve for next week? (1 min)
- Closure and Summary (1 min)