## Introduction

In our last team meeting, we focused on implementing the final major revisions to our Code of Conduct and agreed to use the Issues tab in GitLab to organize and assign tasks for the duration of the project.

## Code of Conduct Revisions

Reflecting on the decisions from our last meeting, we decided to make some important changes to our Code of Conduct to better align with our goals and team dynamics:

- **Ambition and Target Grade:** We clarified our target grade, making sure to stay realistic while still striving for excellence.
- **Democratic Process:** We added more specificity to our democratic process to ensure every team member's voice is heard and valued in decision-making.
- **Punctuality:** We agreed on a set consequences for lateness to maintain discipline and respect for each other's time.
- **Communication Channels:** We decided to switch our primary communication channel for meeting to Discord.

We also agreed to that the section on external collaboration was too general and to make it more specific. Vuk has volunteered to refine this section. We all agreed on a specific time slot for collaboration outside of the TA meetings. One of the time slots will be right after the TA meeting on Tuesday, where we will cover internal issues that do not require the TA's immediate assistance. The other time slot will be on Thursday at a preplanned time.

To remove vagueness of several other parts of our Code of Conduct, we decided to divide the revision tasks among ourselves. We then made and assigned these tasks using GitLab's Issues feature.

## Coding Tasks

For the development aspect of our project, we divided the team to work on the first three basic classes and their corresponding controllers. This task distribution was smooth and unanimous, with two members allocated to each class and controller. 

## Checkstyle Integration

We noted that there could be a potential issue with integrating Checkstyle in our project. Other teams have reported encountering issues with using checkstyle in GitLab. To address this, we've agreed to bring this up during our next meeting to explore possible solutions.